New readme (#52)
v7labs/darwin-py: README.md

# Darwin
Official library to manage datasets along with 
[V7 Darwin annotation platform](https://darwin.v7labs.com).

Darwin-py can be used as a python library or as a command line tool (CLI).
Main functions are (but not limited to):

- Client authentication

> - Listing local and remote datasets

Author: Its the darwin-py repository, I would say its quite self explanatory

- Create/remove a dataset 
- Upload/download data to/from a remote dataset

Support tested for python 3.7.

## Installation

### Standard

```
pip install darwin-py
```
You can now type `darwin` in your terminal and access the command line interface.

### Development

After cloning the repository:

```
pip install --editable .
```

---

## Usage as a Command Line Interface (CLI)

Once installed, `darwin` is accessible as a command line tool.
A useful way to navigate the CLI usage is trough the help command `-h/--help` which will 
provide additional information for each command available. 

### Client Authentication 

> To access perform remote operation on Darwin you first need to authenticate.

Reviewer: I think this line can be improved a little
```suggestion
To perform remote operations on Darwin you first need to authenticate.
```

This requires a [team-specific API-key](https://darwin.v7labs.com/?settings=api-keys).  

> If you do not already have a Darwin account, you can [register for free](https://darwin.v7labs.com).

Reviewer: You can't anymore register for free, let's get rid of this line, or replace it by something like
```suggestion
If you do not already have a Darwin account, you can [contact us](https://darwin.v7labs.com/whatever-link) and we can set one up for you.
```

To start the authentication process, use:

```
$ darwin authenticate
```

> You will be then prompted to insert the API-key, whether you want to set the corresponding team as 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will be then prompted to enter your API-key, whether you want to set the corresponding team as 
```

default and finally the desired location on the local file system for the datasets of that team.
This process will create a configuration file at `~/.darwin/config.yaml`.
This file will be updated with future authentications for different teams.

### Listing local and remote datasets 

Lists a summary of local existing projects
```
$ darwin dataset local
NAME            IMAGES     SYNC_DATE         SIZE
mydataset       112025     yesterday     159.2 GB
```

Lists a summary of remote projects accessible by the current user.

```
$ darwin dataset remote
NAME                 IMAGES     PROGRESS
myteam/mydataset     112025        73.0%
```

### Create/remove a dataset 

> To creates an empty dataset remotely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an empty dataset remotely:
```

```
$ darwin dataset create test
Dataset 'test' (myteam/test) has been created.
Access at https://darwin.v7labs.com/datasets/579
``` 

> Note that in this case `579` will be the dataset ID.

Reviewer 2: I think we shouldn't really talk about dataset ids

Author: removed

-  Image files [`.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png` formats].

```
$ darwin dataset push test /path/to/folder/with/images
100%|████████████████████████| 2/2 [00:01<00:00,  1.27it/s] 
```

Downloads a remote project, images and annotations, in the projects directory 
(specified in the authentication process [default: `~/.darwin/projects`]).

```
$ darwin dataset pull test 
Dataset myteam/test:versionname downloaded at /directory/choosen/at/authentication/time.
```

---
## Usage as a Python library

The framework is designed to be usable as a standalone python library.
Usage can be inferred from looking at the operations performed in `darwin/cli_functions.py`.
A minimal example to download a dataset is provided below and a more extensive one can be found in 
[darwin_demo.py](https://github.com/v7labs/darwin-py/blob/new_README/darwin_demo.py).

```python
from darwin.client import Client
from darwin.dataset.identifier import DatasetIdentifier

client = Client.local(team_slug="myteam") 
dataset_identifier = DatasetIdentifier.from_slug(dataset_slug="test", team_slug="myteam")
ds = client.get_remote_dataset(dataset_identifier=dataset_identifier)

> ds.pull()    

Reviewer 2: ```python
client = Client.local() # use the configuration in ~/.darwin/config.yaml
dataset = client.get_remote_dataset(DatasetIdentifier.parse("myteam/test"))
dataset.pull() # downloads annotations and images for the latest exported version
```
I feel like that is nicer minimal introduction

Author: adopted

-  Image files [`.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png` formats].

```
$ darwin dataset push test /path/to/folder/with/images
100%|████████████████████████| 2/2 [00:01<00:00,  1.27it/s] 
```

Downloads a remote project, images and annotations, in the projects directory 
(specified in the authentication process [default: `~/.darwin/projects`]).

```
$ darwin dataset pull test 

> TODO update output

Reviewer: Just in case, reminder!

Author: done!
